Well then, we go to the next pattern,
which is the higher-order
component pattern.
So, a higher-order component makes it
really easy to pass logic to other
components by wrapping them.
For example, like this component,
we have like a title component and
we wrap that in with large font size,
so it makes it big and
then with bold font weight to make
the font weight bigger or bolder.
Now, essentially what a higher order
component does is it gets that
components that it wraps and
it automatically adds other props to
that component which it then returns.
So for example here we have a with styles,
higher-order components and
you see here that we're we create a style
object that has like the color red and
then font size 1em.
And then also we're merging props like in
case the component that we're wrapping
already had the style prop, you wanna
make sure that we don't overwrite that.
And then we've returned that
components with a new style, so
this is pretty useful, I also see
that it's overflowing here a bit.
But for example we just have a text
component that just has like the font
family enter nothing else.
But then we can make a new component
really easily which is the,
or by wrapping it with the with styles,
higher-order components.
So again, we have the separation
of concerns, we said before,
cuz we have components that just
care about adding that data.
And yeah, I guess the only downside and
although I already showed that
before is that it can easily
end up in naming collisions and
you may not always know that.
So for in this case we add the style
prop to the element that we're wrapping,
but maybe if we didn't
merge the props here.
So we just added like the padding and
the margin and
it's component already had
the style it would overwrite that.
And in some cases when we have
that higher order components, and
we add new props to it, we may not
always know that this gets overwritten.
So sometimes you end up
in unexpected behavior,
why is this problem not
what I expect it to be?
So that's the only downside to
using higher-order components.
So if you ever use that make sure to
always merge the props or at least kind
of make sure that which props are modified
or added to those components.
Yeah, you can also wrap multiple
higher order components, for example,
we saw here is with large font size and
then with bold font weights.
So this would have been wrapped twice,
now sometimes it can be difficult to
know where certain styles come from or
certain props come from cuz
it doesn't have to be style.
I'll just use that as like
a simple example here, so yeah,
it can kind of hinder the readability but
making it harder to debug and
scale and all that stuff.
All right,
we're already have another exercise here.
So, I'm just going to show what
the solution is going to look like,
should look like.
So what you see here real quick is that
there's a little spinner while it's
fetching the data.
Now we want to or preferably we
want to reuse that spinner or
multiple components of replication.
Now in this one,
we're just using it here, but
this would have been a reason to create
a higher-order component for this.
So what I want you to do is to create a
higher-order component that adds this with
loader.
Or we can wrap the listings with
the with loader higher order components,
which adds this spinner
while it's loading at.
I showed some steps for fetch the data,
showed the loading spinner,
which we're already importing here.
And then, we can pass the fetch
data to the reps component,
it's pretty similar to what we did here so
if you need any inspiration from
somewhere, just take a look there.